Bai Fangyu, you are too much.
Mei Cha is busy for the company. Why did you hit him?
Ah!
See, this is what it looks like after being beaten
Why is that?
You're getting more and more ignorant
This is my company.
Zhang Meicha is my man
It's not your turn to move him
Your man, since you admit that he is a mistress
Then I should be beaten to death
What kind of concubine is one person?
Cha Cha is my employee
I won't allow you to bully him.
And you think about it all the time.
Why don't you do your job more?
Why do you eat so many insurance products?
Have you studied your brain with your mouth?
It's a painkiller
In order to develop new products
Two days and one night without sleeping
Didn't eat a bite
I have a stomachache. Can't I take the medicine?
Are you that busy?
Who doesn't know that you entered the research room because of me?
What skills do you have to develop new products?
Everything today
It is not relying on beautiful tea to go out to attract business and investment
I'm here to tell you
Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li invested 200 million in the group
This must be Mei Cha's job
Investment meeting tomorrow
You write me the report beautifully, don't embarrass me
I do product writing reports
Then you are busy wearing a ring for the mistress
Do you know that my product will be the real protagonist in tomorrow's investment meeting?
It has nothing to do with this stubble.
What new product?
Isn't it the previous formula, something that doesn't hurt or itch at home?
What's the technical content?
Beautiful tea is different
He is Gold Medal Business
I gave him a gift because he brought me 200 million investment
You have to be jealous
Can you understand something?
Ah, I remember now.
Today is your birthday, right?
Are you unhappy that I didn't give you a gift?
Humph
It just so happens that I was just about to change the beauty tea for a bigger one.
This old-fashioned maturity
Also suitable for you